[music playing]
[swords clanging]
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER): Long ago,
when the lands were at war,
it was the hidden hand
of the shinobi that
often turned the tide of battle.
Even today, as peace
reigns, shinobi
we must continue to
work behind the scenes,
defending their lands
and their people.
That's why here in the
Hidden Leaf Village,
you will find a new generation
of young shinobi apprentices,
all dreaming of being
the heroes of tomorrow.
But for Naruto Uzumaki,
it's not about being a hero,
it's about training hard in
the hopes of someday becoming
Hokage.
[panting]
[groaning]
-Man, it's hot.
-Oh, shut up, Naruto.
We've got our new
summer uniforms.
What more do you want?
Stop complaining.
-Just hang in there.
The rendezvous point
is right up ahead here.
-Some B-rank mission this is.
-This person we're
supposed to escort-- he's
important, right,
Kakashi-sensei?
KAKASHI: According to
Lady Tsunade, he is.
-Huh?
[horse whinnying]
-Is this all for one person?
-All these wagons-- what
the heck are they all for?
-My shopping.
Oh!
I saw so many wonderful things
in all the lands we visited--
-Hmm?
MAN: --I had to have them, so
I just kept buying and buying,
and before I knew it, I
ended up with all this.
[chuckling]
I am the prince of
the Land of the Moon.
I'm Michiru.
And you, I take it--
-Are from the Village Hidden
in the Leaves, your majesty.
I'm Kakashi Hatake.
I'm the squad leader.
This is Naruto Uzumaki.
-How do you do?
KAKASHI: Sakura Haruno.
-Pleasure's mine.
KAKASHI: And Rock Lee.
-Sir!
-The four of us are your escort.
We're here to see you
safely home to your kingdom.
-Well, I can see
I'm in good hands.
Well, hello.
Aren't you the pretty one?
Far too pretty to be a ninja.
-Don't be deceived,
she's well qualified.
-You don't say.
Thank you, I'm glad you've come.
-Oh, that's all right, really.
MICHIRU: Oh, she's cute!
-Aah!
[chuckling]
[growl]
[crunch]
[yelling]
-Like you said,
you're in good hands.
-Uh huh.
Oh, I see.
Very impressive.
-Aah!
Defensive positions!
Take cover!
We're under attack!
-In real life, you'd be dead.
-Huh?
-Father, are you sure
about these people?
They don't really look
like much of an escort--
specially not the short one.
-Hey, wait just a minute
there you little--
-Oh, I hope you'll
forgive my son, Hikaru.
He's in that mischievous
stage that boys go through.
-Nice to meet you, Hikaru.
-Hmph.
[muffled yelling]
MICHIRU: Well then,
shall we be off?
KAKASHI: Just deal with it.
Remember what Lady
Tsunade said--
if any harm comes
to the prince, we'll
have an international
incident on our hands.
[music playing]
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER): Far
away in the Southern Seas
lies the Crescent Island, and
on it, the Land of the Moon,
a tropical resort famous
for its dazzling beaches
and luxurious casinos--
a paradise on earth.
Everyone wants to go there
at least once in their life
to walk those golden beaches,
smell the sea breeze.
Huh, I'd like to
go there myself.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER):
Yeah, and to gamble
in those ritzy casinos,
right, Grandma Tsunade?
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER):
Ahem, never mind.
-Yaa!
[yelling]
-Hiyaa!
Yaa!
[grunt]
[scream]
[groan]
[grunting]
-Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[yawn]
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER):
The prince and his son
are returning from a
royal tour of many lands.
Your mission is to
see them safely home.
Their last bodyguards quit.
Apparently, they
couldn't stomach the job.
SAKURA (VOICEOVER):
Was it that difficult?
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER):
I put Rock Lee
on your squad for
the time being.
I expect you all to
get along, understood?
SAKURA (VOICEOVER): Yes, ma'am.
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER): I can't
emphasize enough the importance
of this mission.
Normally, I'd assign it
to jonin-level ninja,
but-- well, just keep on
your toes and get it done.
SAKURA (VOICEOVER): Right!
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): Will do!
[snoring]
[sneeze]
[shivering]
[horse whinnying]
-So, Prince Michiru, I assume
you plan on being king one day.
-Oh yes, once my papa retires.
Of course, he's
in perfect health,
so that won't be for a
while, and I'm in no hurry.
-So, uh, what game--
MICHIRU: My father sent me
on this tour of the lands--
- --you playing over there, huh?
MICHIRU: --in order to, you
know, broaden my horizons.
-Looks like it must be fun.
MICHIRU: Tell me,
what kind of king
does the Leaf Village have?
KAKASHI: We don't have a king.
Our leader is--
-So much for trying--
KAKASHI: --called a Hokage--
- --to be friendly.
Fine, be that way.
KAKASHI: --and she's a very
remarkable woman, a shinobi.
-Is the title of Hokage
passed down from generation
to generation?
-No, the title goes
to whoever's best
at securing the peace and
harmony of the village,
no matter who it might
be-- even this guy.
In fact, it's Naruto's
dream to be Hokage some day.
And in order to make
that dream real,
he's willing to risk his
life and push himself
to the limit every day.
MICHIRU: Really?
Impressive.
-Nah, it's just what we do.
You know, part of our training.
Not that big a deal.
HIKARU: How stupid.
-Hmm?
-Uh.
-What?
Did you say something?
I didn't quite catch that.
Hey, you!
I'm talking to you, you
stuck-up little brat!
-Calm down, you hear?
[growl]
[sheep bleating]
[music playing]
RINGMASTER: Wow!
[applause]
[chuckling]
[music playing]
[bell ringing]
-Right!
A left!
-Aah!
-Right!
[music playing]
[cheering]
-And now what you've all been
waiting for-- the one and only
Chamu, the saber-toothed tiger!
[drum roll]
[cymbal]
[snarl]
[roar]
[gasps]
As rare as he is dangerous,
the only one of his kind
in captivity.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
Wow.
RINGMASTER: And here's Chamu's
friend and partner, Kiki!
[chittering]
[laughter]
And now, Chamu and Kiki have
a very special treat for you.
[music playing]
[cheering]
[roar]
[laughter]
[music playing]
[applause]
If you thought that
was hard, watch this.
If he's off by a fraction of
an inch, it's goodbye Kiki.
All right, we need
absolute silence everyone.
[drum roll]
[gasps]
-Huh?
-Easy shot.
RINGMASTER: Bravo!
Good eye, sonny.
However, let's see
you handle this.
[music playing]
Go ahead, try it now.
And if you make it,
you'll win a prize!
[music playing]
W-wow.
-Oh ho ho!
Atta boy!
Way to go!
[cheering]
[applause]
LEE: Remarkable.
The boy has talent.
-Hmph.
-What a great shot.
I've never seen
anything like it.
-I've done harder ones.
-Hmm, you deserve a
prize for that one.
Yeah.
Now, let me see-- what do
you think about a beautiful--
-I want him.
-Huh?
Uh, well, Chamu?
Oh, oh, he's too big
and dangerous, sonny.
Besides, with Chamu gone,
I wouldn't have a show.
-I don't care.
I want him.
-Well, even so, you
have to understand--
-Father, please.
-Sure, why not?
You know I've always
wanted my own circus.
Why don't we buy the
whole thing, tent and all?
-Uh, w-wha?
CARNY 1: Is that for real?
-Hey!
Snap out of it, buddy.
-You can cash that as soon as we
get to the islands, all right?
-Look, he's fainted standing up.
-Uh huh.
CARNY 2: He's never seen
so many zeroes in his life.
-Amazing.
This guy bought
the whole circus?
-Yeah, that's rich.
[yawn]
-Well, to be honest,
I've always wanted
to play the Land of the Moon.
A delightful place,
from all I've heard.
Uh, don't worry, Your Highness.
We'll give you a great show.
You won't regret it.
[footsteps approaching]
-Hungry?
[growling]
Huh?
[roar]
Aah!
RINGMASTER: Uh, sonny!
MICHIRU: Oh, Hikaru!
[roar]
-Aah!
[growl]
-Whoa, that was close.
-Sonny, he's a wild animal.
Be careful, he doesn't like
humans, not even me, I--
-Listen here, you've got
to do something about him!
He's dangerous!
RINGMASTER: Of
course, of course.
We, we, we'll lock
him up in his cage
and keep him under
guard at all times.
Won't happen again.
[nervous chuckling]
NARUTO: That was a
little scary, huh?
-I--
-Hey!
-Wait!
Uh--
-Don't thank me!
I only saved your life is all!
WAGON MASTER: Yah!
Yaah!
ATTENDANT: My prince,
I'm afraid a storm at sea
has prevented the royal
yacht from meeting
us here as expected.
I've had to make provisional
arrangements for another ship
to take us home.
But, but not to worry--
if won't be long.
MICHIRU: Very well.
In the meantime, I've
an important call
to make here anyway.
[humming]
-Father?
MICHIRU: Hmm?
-Where are we going?
MICHIRU: We're going
to visit your mother.
-What?
[humming]
-How wonderful to
see you, Amayo.
[gasp]
-Ah!
Oh, my honey!
-Hikaru, is that you?
Oh, oh, Hikaru.
My beautiful boy.
-Huh?
Uh, wait, that lady's
the prince's wife?
-Look at you, Hikaru.
You've grown.
[footsteps approaching]
[clearing throat]
-Who are you?
[gasp]
-How can you say that, Amayo?
Don't you recognize me?
-Impossible.
Michiru?
-Of course it's me!
-What?
No!
No, I don't believe it!
You're too fat.
-Well, if I am, it's
only because of you.
Ever since you left me,
eating's the only thing
that could help me
forget my loneliness.
[sigh]
I'm so lonely without you.
So is Hikaru.
Please come home
where you belong.
AMAYO: No, I can't
be with you anymore.
My only regret is Hikaru.
If I hadn't signed that
stupid wedding contract,
I'd keep him here with
me and raise him myself.
-Why do you hate
me so much, Amayo?
I gave you everything you
ever wanted, didn't I?
Wasn't it enough?
-Oh, Michiru.
You never gave me the
most important thing.
-Huh?
Hmm.
How 'bout a new palace?
A pink one!
-No!
-Oh.
Hmm.
Then, how about a
villa for your parents?
That way, they could live
with us year-round, even
in the winter.
AMAYO: Grr!
-Ah!
[sigh]
Don't be so mean.
Come on, come live
with me again.
I'll give you anything
you want, name it.
You want the royal jewels?
You can have them, my love.
Anything, Amayo.
I'd even give up the
Land of the Moon for you.
Ah!
-You really haven't
changed at all.
Even now, you haven't
got a clue, have you?
About what really matters.
-OK, all clear.
Take her up.
[sigh]
MICHIRU: I don't understand.
What more could she want?
-Prince Michiru, may
I have a word with you
about our departure plans?
-Hmm?
Oh, all right.
-It's proving difficult
to fit everything
onboard the ship after all.
We may have to send
some things later.
[startup chimes]
SAKURA: Hard to
believe, isn't it?
That she's the boy's mother.
-Yup, she got sick and tired
of living with the prince
so she left three years ago.
SAKURA: Huh, can't
say I blame her.
Well, I'm gonna see how
the loading's coming along.
-OK.
[footsteps]
[slurping]
-Ahh.
Hmm?
[ship's horn]
-Is it good?
-What?
Oh, yeah.
Not as fancy as what you're
used to, but I like it.
Huh?
-You should be my vassal.
-Say what?
-Serve me as my vassal and I'll
give you anything you want.
-Not a chance.
-Don't you like games?
Or toys?
I can give you all the games
and toys you'd ever want.
-Forget it, kid.
I'm not gonna be your vassal
or whatever it is, OK?
Grr.
Grow up.
Stop looking down on people.
-Hmph.
-Aah!
[growling]
-Uh.
-That does it.
I've had it with you!
So what if it causes an
international incident?
I don't care!
It'll be worth it!
[grunt]
[sob]
[crying]
It's time somebody taught
you that you can't always
have everything your own way.
That's not the way things work.
[crying]
SAKURA: Naruto!
Did you do what I
think you just did?
-Uh, slow down, Sakura.
I was just showing him-- aah!
[music playing]
-Yaa hah!
Way to shake it, prince.
-Ooh, ooh, ooh hoo hoo.
This is wonderful.
Makes me forget
all of my troubles.
-What did I do?
Just untie me.
What's the big deal?
-You don't go around
whacking the son of a prince.
Face it, you have to apologize.
-No!
Forget it.
Never!
Not a chance!
-Suit yourself.
-Huh?
-But you're missing
one heck of a party.
-What are you doing?
Cut that out, Sakura,
and let me out of here.
I'm starving!
[music playing]
-Huh?
[chittering]
Here.
Huh.
[chittering]
[growl]
[roar]
[gasp]
Stupid tiger!
[roar]
-The new moon has passed.
[thunder]
Hmm.
Don't like the look of that.
[thunder]
[moaning]
[vomiting]
[knock on door]
ATTENDANT: Your
Highness, the cargo
is in danger of falling
overboard, along
with the animals.
-Well, do something.
I didn't bring those
things all this way just
to lose them at sea.
[thunder]
ATTENDANT: Prince Michiru
will double your fee.
Please, save the cargo.
CAPTAIN: We'll do what we can.
It's the animals
I'm worried about.
ATTENDANT: The circus
people will help you.
Hurry, there's no time to lose.
-Aah!
Ah!
-Get up.
We're gonna need your help.
NARUTO: Ow!
Easy for you,
you're not starving.
HIKARU: What's the point?
-Huh?
What's that's supposed to mean?
-Who cares about
the stupid animals?
Just let 'em drown.
-Huh?
[growl]
What'd you say?
What did you just say?
-Huh?
Anyway, it's too
dangerous out there-- ah!
-You spoiled little brat!
First you buy 'em like
they're a bunch of toys,
now you're bored
of 'em so you just
want to toss 'em in the trash!
You'd let all those animals die?
Why you stinking little--
oh, what am I doing?
You're not worth the effort.
You're a waste of space.
Just go back to bed and
stay out of our way.
[creaking]
-I'm not.
No, I'm not a waste of space!
-All right?
-Pull on this.
Hurry!
SAILOR: Come on, right this way.
[grunt]
[thunder]
[chittering]
-Kiki.
Whoa!
[groan]
-There's no use.
Hopeless.
[growling]
[chittering]
-What are you doing?
No, leave him.
[thunder]
-What's he--
[chittering]
[crash]
-Aah!
Ah!
[screeching]
-Hang on!
-Aah!
-Hikaru!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[grunting]
[thunder]
[grunt]
Hikaru!
[chittering]
-Huh?
[gasp]
[chuckling]
-Uh-- aah!
-Hey, watch out, sonny!
Get back!
-Uh.
[chittering]
[gasp]
[chuckling]
[chittering]
-Amazing.
I've never seen Chamu do
that with anyone before.
-Go on.
-Mm.
[purring]
H-hey.
-Uh.
-I just wanted to
say, uh-- I'm sorry!
-Huh?
-I shouldn't have
whacked you and I
shouldn't have said those
things so I'm sorry.
Man, you were great.
Maybe a little reckless, but
you sure get points for guts.
[chuckling]
And I'm not the only one who
knows how brave you were.
They know it too.
[soft roar]
[chuckling]
-Same here.
I'm sorry, too, for
everything I did and said.
That goes for you too.
Sorry, Chamu.
I got mad when you didn't
trust me right away.
You see, all I wanted
was for you and Naruto
to be my friends.
I've never been able
to make friends.
[soft gasp]
I don't know how.
[sniff]
-Is that all you wanted?
Why didn't you say so?
You want a friend?
You got one.
From here on out, we're
officially friends.
-You mean it?
-Yeah.
-Heh.
[roar]
[chittering]
-Now you've got three friends.
-Four friends.
-Make that five.
-Hmm?
-Uh, what is it?
-The trip's almost over.
Once we get to my island,
you'll all be going home.
-Yeah, that's true.
-Hmph.
So what?
Who cares?
-Huh?
-We'll just have to make
a promise to each other.
I'll promise never to forget
you, if you'll do the same.
Deal?
Friends forever?
-Deal.
-Wait a second.
What about us?
-Huh?
Oh, sorry.
-So we're-- all of us--
friends forever, right?
-Right!
-That's right.
-Yeah.
[roar]
-Aah!
Whoa!
-Whoa!
[chittering]
[laughter]
[sniff]
[tearful laughter]
[steam whistle]
MICHIRU: Be sure to come
visit us at the palace.
-Think you, Your Highness.
It will be an honor.
-Right, let's be off.
[music playing]
FEMALE ANNOUNCER (ON
SPEAKER): Welcome to the Land
of the Moon,
nature's playground.
Home of surf, sand, and sun.
After a day of fun on our
shimmering coral beaches,
don't forget to visit our
elegant shops and casinos.
And stop by for a cool drink
at the Crescent Restaurant
on the Main Promenade.
-How strange.
These streets are
usually bustling.
Where did everybody go?
-This place is
like a ghost town.
[horse whinnying]
-Not much of a welcome home.
Ah, Shabadaba.
-Well, well, if
it isn't Michiru.
Back from your travels?
I'm sure you must be exhausted.
You and young Hikaru
are well, I hope.
-Yes, thank you, Shabadaba.
What's going on in town?
Where is everyone?
There was no one to meet us.
Shabadaba?
Uh, uh-- where is my father?
Is something wrong?
Why didn't he come?
-The king, I'm afraid, is dead.
-What?
SHABADABA: I rule in
the Land of the Moon
now, which means there's no
need for you anymore, prince.
Heh.
Kill them all!
[yelling]
-All of you, get ready!
-Yaa!
[grunt]
-Aah!
KAKASHI: Prince Michiru,
get back in the coach.
Drive that coach outta here.
Hurry!
-Hah!
Hah!
[horse whinnying]
GUARD: Stop them!
-Aah!
-Don't look now, but
here come reinforcements.
-For which side?
[yell]
-Huh?
It's Korega!
-Captain Korega, sir.
-What are you waiting for?
He's a traitor!
Kill him!
-I am no traitor!
[yell]
Come to your senses!
It's Lord Shabadaba
who's the traitor!
[grunt]
-Aah!
-This is madness.
We're all brothers in arms.
[yell]
[grunt]
Thanks.
Who are you, anyway?
-Leaf Village ninja,
hired by the prince.
-I see.
I'm glad you're here.
-We've got to move, fast.
-Mm.
-Can you drive that coach?
-I'm on it.
Yah!
[horses whinnying]
[yelling]
-Who are those people?
-Well.
-Yeah.
-They're not bad.
KOREGA: Thanks for the help.
You fought well.
I'm sorry there
wasn't time to send
warning of what's happened here.
-Where are we headed?
-I have men stationed
in the mountains.
We'll go there for now.
[music playing]
-Sheesh.
Some reception.
This isn't what I expected
from the Land of the Moon.
I've seen graveyards
livelier than this.
Hmph.
Hmm?
Hey, the prince's coach.
Where are they going?
[gasp]
MICHIRU: Papa!
HIKARU: Grandpa?
-Papa!
Papa!
-Grandpa!
-Oh no, what's happened?
Papa.
-So that old man, he's the king?
KOREGA: There have been clashes
of late between the King
and some of his ministers,
led by Shabadaba.
Each side has different
ideas of where
they want to lead this land.
The King hoped to
reason with them
and one day bring them
around to his point of view.
But meanwhile, Shabadaba took
matters into his own hands.
He plotted to
overthrow the King.
By chance, we discovered
his plot in time
and informed His Majesty.
He realized the time had come
to confront his ministers.
He knew this could be dangerous,
so he sent Prince Michiru
and his son on a royal
tour of many lands
in order to protect them.
[gasp]
-That's why-- you sent us away.
To protect us.
-Once you were safely
out of the way,
the King moved to
settle the matter.
But it was too late--
Shabadaba had already
hired shinobi mercenaries
to secure his position.
We were outmaneuvered
and outmanned.
We barely managed to
escape in the nick of time.
But the King, to
my shame, did not.
-Grandpa.
-Let me take a look
at his injuries.
[gasp]
It's-- it's turned to stone.
-Yes One of these
three shinobi has
possession of a special jutsu.
And due to my negligence, he
was able to use it on the King.
-What do you think?
-It's worth a try, at least.
-Unacceptable!
We let both of them get away.
Oh, blast, blast, blast!
-They had good bodyguards.
-What?
Is that all you have to say?
-Calm down.
They may be strong, but
we're stronger still.
I have no doubt we
can handle them.
-I hope so.
It would be annoying to find
out I paid you all that money
for nothing, Ishidate.
-Hmph.
KAKASHI: Well, Sakura?
SAKURA: I can
treat petrification
without a problem, but
in order to be reversed,
it needs to be
treated immediately.
-I understand.
-It's just that so
much time has passed.
There's nothing I can do.
KAKERU: You're home, Michiru.
-Papa!
-Grandpa!
-Majesty.
-Hikaru too.
Wonderful.
I see.
So it was you who
protected them.
My friends, I thank you all.
Tell me, how fares
the Land of the Moon.
KOREGA: Not well, Your Majesty.
It appears that,
soon, the whole island
will be under the
rebels' control.
KAKERU: I see.
Michiru, what comes
to your mind when
you think about
this land of ours?
MICHIRU: Oh, it's
a wonderful place.
Beautiful and
prosperous and wealthy.
-That's right.
But I see now that happiness
and wealth are not necessarily
the same thing.
-Oh?
-Joy, happiness-- our
hopes and our dreams.
Our place of peace and harmony--
that's the sort of land I
envisioned.
I thought Shabadaba
shared my dream,
but I could never
get him to see it.
Such a pity.
-I'm not sure I
understand either, Papa.
You talk just like Amayo.
KAKERU: Amayo?
Are the two of
you-- what a shame.
-She told me I don't have any
clue about what really matters.
-Amayo always was a
very sensible girl.
I had hoped she'd
be a good influence.
That, with a little
time, her common
sense-- I never dreamed
she'd be the one to give up.
Such a pity.
Yes, that's right--
what really matters.
Michiru?
-Yes?
KAKERU: One request.
My last wish.
-Oh!
Grandpa!
-Papa!
-It's very important--
-Grandpa, no.
- --what I have to say--
-Please don't go.
- --my son.
This isn't the way I
imagined it happening.
-You mustn't.
Don't talk like that, Papa.
-I know it will be hard--
-Please, save your strength.
- --but you must face it.
-Please, Papa!
-Grandpa!
-Starting now, you are the King.
[sobbing]
You, Leaf Village shinobi.
-Sir.
-I know I have no right
to ask this of you,
but as you are an honorable
man, I make this last request.
-Of course.
KAKERU: Look after them.
Protect them, please.
-With our lives, Your Majesty.
-I thank you.
Michiru, I depend on you.
[gasp]
MICHIRU: (SOBBING) Papa!
[SNIFFLING
HIKARU: My grandfather
was always kind to me.
He made that bow for me.
He always used to
watch me practice.
And whenever I made a bullseye,
he was even happier than I was.
I loved him so much.
-Do you think you
understand what
your grandpa was trying to say?
[sniff]
I think I understand, sorta.
It's about what happens
here in your heart.
In the Leaf Village, Old Man
Hokage was like my grandfather.
He kind of looked after
me when he was alive.
And when he died, it was
like he left everything
for me to look after.
And so that's why
I promised myself
that some day I'll be Hokage.
What your grandpa left is
something very precious,
and you and your father--
it's up to both of you
to keep it safe.
-But if it's really that
precious-- I'm not sure
I'm ready for that.
-Of course you are.
Or at least you will be.
HIKARU: But--
-Mm.
We're friends, right?
So someday, when I'm
Hokage and you're king,
our two lands will
be friends too.
-Really?
-If the Land of the
Moon is ever in trouble,
the Leaf Village will
be there for you.
And you'll do the
same for me, right?
OK?
-Yeah.
-All right then, it's a promise.
From this day on, friends
forever, no matter what.
HIKARU: Friends forever.
[hoof beats]
KOREGA: There are
simply too few of us.
We haven't a chance against
the traitor Shabadaba
and his forces.
For now, the only thing to do
is get the prince and his son
out the Land of the Moon.
We'll go to the other
lands, our allies,
and hope that they'll
help us with more troops.
-Where are they?
Uh.
-Captain Korega.
There's a ship waiting for
you all just beyond the bay.
-Mm, excellent.
Well done.
-Right.
Let's go.
-Oh!
Father!
It's time, let's go.
-Huh?
Oh.
-(PANTING) Don't run so fast.
[panting]
-Go on ahead.
-Get up!
We gotta go!
-I know, I know.
Just a minute.
-Are you really that stupid?
-We knew that you'd
arrange for a ship.
We've been watching
the coast just
waiting for you to show up.
Now then, hand over
the prince and his son.
-Yeah, like that'll ever happen.
Get lost!
-Hmm.
Aren't you the spunky one?
-Huh?
-What's wrong?
What are you swinging at?
[chuckling]
-That's enough.
-Oh really?
-Aah!
[grunt]
-You're gonna pay for that.
Huh?
-Aah!
-Lee, wait!
-How dare you do that to Naruto!
[yelling]
-Feeling left out?
Hi.
-Leaf Village shinobi.
I've heard you're good.
But I wonder, are
you as good as I am?
-One way to find out.
-Heh.
-Huh?
LEE (VOICEOVER): Strange.
-Yaa!
Yaa!
[gasp]
SAKURA (VOICEOVER): I
thought I dodged it.
-Something's wrong.
-Oh!
Ah!
Ow!
[groan]
LEE (VOICEOVER):
Everything's moving so slow.
[grunt]
SAKURA (VOICEOVER):
What's wrong with us?
Our timing's off.
-Must be some sort of genjutsu.
Release!
-Hmm.
-Sorry, but this isn't genjutsu.
-So, now I get it.
It was that paper bomb.
-Exactly.
Effective, isn't it?
An odorless poison that
slows the reflexes.
-And until it wears off,
you're all sitting ducks!
-Aah!
ISHIDATE: So much for
a test of strength.
It was over before
it even began.
-Not yet.
You must still face me.
I will avenge our king-- or die!
Yaa!
Gaa!
Grr!
-Help!
They've got me surrounded!
-Prince Michiru!
-Captain Korega!
[gasp]
-Captain!
-Hmm.
What a remarkable
look on his face.
I'd almost say I
created a work of art.
Almost.
It's not quite right.
-No!
-Get back, you slime!
[chuckling]
KARENBANA: I have to say, I
expected this to be more fun.
-So that's it, eh?
-How disappointing.
-It's over, kid.
-No, don't!
[growling]
[yelling]
[gasp]
-Kongo!
[panting]
[yell]
[scream]
[grunt]
-Where'd that come from?
[horse whinnying]
[muffled yelling]
-Kongo, Karenbana,
that's enough.
We're pulling out.
[panting]
[groan]
-Sensei!
-Darn it.
SOLDIER: Captain.
He's gone.
-(SOBBING) No.
[sobbing]
-Father.
-Captain Korega.
[grunt]
-My, my, my, my.
You put us through a
great deal of trouble,
you royal tub of lard.
-Why are you doing this?
My father was your friend.
How could-- how could
you betray him like that?
[laughter]
-Friends?
He and I?
Don't be silly.
-Wha?
-I served him, yes, but
then the doddering old fool
turned idealistic.
He started getting ridiculous
notions about helping the poor
and the old and
the downtrodden--
lifting their taxes and
building them homes,
paying for their health care
from the state treasury--
-My father--
SHABADABA: --and on and on.
- --wanted all that?
-Absolute madness.
After all, where do all these
tasty delicacies come from?
Out of thin air?
Because this country
is rich, you've
always had everything
you ever wanted, eh?
But that old fool,
your father, thought
we should share the wealth.
"We must invest in
the people," he said.
"The people are our
greatest treasure."
What utter hogwash!
There's only one thing
that matters in this world.
Call it what you want--
gold, lucre, treasure, money!
Money is the only
thing that counts!
-That's all it is?
You've done all of this
just so you could be rich?
-Yes.
[giggling]
More than just rich.
I want to be swimming in wealth.
I want my coffers
overflowing with gold.
I want to be as fat
and spoiled as you are.
-And for that, you
killed my father?
-Well, however it
happened, the king is gone.
And now, the
responsibility is mine.
-No!
That's not true!
I will be king!
-Oh no.
Very unlikely.
-Sensei?
How did it go?
-Security's too tight.
I couldn't get close.
One thing's for sure--
time is running out.
[sighs]
-Maybe-- maybe we should
surrender after all.
-Coward!
What are you talking about?
-Well, what do you suggest then?
Look at us, how few
of us there are.
I don't care how strong these
strangers are, it's hopeless!
-At least we must get
Master Hikaru out.
[sobbing]
Oh.
[crying]
-(CRYING) I want my father!
-Well, OK then.
Let's go get him.
-But it's impossible.
-We can't just do nothing!
We've gotta try!
-It's too late!
You heard them, it's hopeless.
My father'll be killed.
It's too late to save him now!
[sobbing]
-Hikaru.
Hikaru!
Are you just gonna throw
everything away again?
-Huh?
-Is that it?
You're, you're just
gonna abandon him?
What happened?
Was I wrong?
I thought you were
better than this.
You'd just let it all go?
Your father?
Even your courage?
The promise we made each
other-- you'd throw it all away.
You still don't know
what really matters.
-All right, let's go.
I'm ready!
Let's go save my father!
-You're on.
-Master Hikaru, don't be hasty.
NARUTO: Relax!
Don't worry.
He'll be OK.
No harm will come to him.
I'll see to that, trust me.
-Count me in.
-Let us be off.
-We gonna let these
kids show us up?
I think we all made a vow
to the late king, didn't we?
-Hm.
-Mm.
[leaves rustling]
-Hmm?
[chittering]
[gasp]
-Ah!
Chamu!
Kiki!
Ha ha ha!
CARNY: Hey!
Chamu!
-Where it is that cat?
Well, what do you know?
You guys.
-I thought it was strange,
the prince's coach
taking off like that,
so I went to the palace
to see what was up.
Oh, wouldn't even
let me in the door.
They threatened to arrest us!
I thought they were
gonna slaughter us all,
so we got the heck outta
there and hid in the forest.
What's going on?
This wasn't our deal.
When do we get paid?
Wish we'd never come to this
stupid island, I gotta tell ya.
-Hmm, yeah.
-Listen here!
I'm not running a charity.
I want my money.
So who's in charge here, huh?
-You're right, you're right.
I don't blame you
for being upset.
Hey, you were promised payment.
You should be paid, right?
Let's see if we can't
do something about that.
-Hmm?
-No!
Stop!
Shabadaba, what are
you doing to me?
No!
Stop it!
Let go!
-I've always thought
this would be
a more entertaining way
of executing people.
So far, you're proving
that I was right, Michiru.
But please, don't overdo it.
[grunt]
Hmph.
Take the blindfold off.
[wind blowing]
[gasp]
Crank it.
See that you don't
fall off too quickly.
I paid good money for this show.
[chuckling]
-Ah!
Ah!
No!
[gasp]
-Ah, blast.
[panting]
[gasp]
[birdsong]
[waves lapping]
KAKERU (VOICEOVER):
Joy, happiness.
Our hopes and our dreams.
Our place of peace and harmony--
that's the sort of land I
envisioned.
-Papa.
-Hmm?
[music playing]
-Huh?
[rhythmic tapping]
-Hmm.
GATE GUARD: You.
What are you doing here again?
-Oh.
Well, you see, I--
-Get out of here.
-Whoa there, brother.
We were summoned by your boss
for a command performance.
GATE GUARD: I
received no orders.
-You didn't?
Are you sure about that, hmm?
[elevator arriving]
-What is that?
-Entertainment.
A simple hanging is so
boring, don't you think?
-Hm.
[music playing]
-What the--
-Huh?
[music playing]
SHABADABA: That
circus bunch again?
How did they get in?
-Shall I send them
away, my lord?
-Hmm.
-And--
SHABADABA: Not so fast.
Now that's entertainment.
Frankly, he was
beginning bore me.
[music playing]
-The circus?
Here?
SERVANT 1: I haven't seen
one since I was a boy.
SERVANT 2: Wow!
[music playing]
-Whoa!
-Incredible!
[music playing]
-It's all clear.
SOLDIER: We of the king's
guard are the only ones
who know about this passage.
-Master Hikaru.
-Huh?
-Please, take these arrows.
I made them especially for you.
They may come in handy.
-Thank you.
-Let's go.
-According to Kakashi-sensei,
Prince Michiru
is being held on
the upper terrace.
Remember everyone,
there's no time to lose.
[distant cheering]
-It's all clear.
-We're ready, sensei.
-Woo!
-(SINGING IN UNISON)
Hate to leave our show,
but now we got to go!
One!
Two!
One, two, three!
Woo!
Hate to leave our show,
but now we got to go!
[cheering]
-All right, let's
get this started.
[music playing]
And now, ladies and
gentlemen, our grand finale.
So sit back and enjoy.
ISHIDATE: It's him.
-Ishidate!
-I'm on it!
[yelling]
[roar]
-Are they really
here to rescue him?
-You like that?
You want some more, soldier boy?
Go, Jojo, go!
[groans]
-If I'd known it was
gonna be this dangerous,
I, I wouldn't have gone
along with the idea.
[roar]
[snarl]
-Hikaru.
-Huh?
-Nothing to be afraid of.
You trust me, right?
-Mm.
-OK.
Then no matter what, I'm
not gonna let anything bad
happen to you, I promise.
-Right.
-Me too.
-Me three.
-Let's do it.
The upper terrace is
off the throne room.
With all the guards outside,
it should be unprotected.
[gasp]
-Heh heh, so he was right.
That Ishidate,
he's a clever one.
He guessed that all that ruckus
outside was just a diversion.
-I'll give you a diversion.
-No, stay back.
This one is mine.
You sure?
LEE: Quite sure.
He and I have
unfinished business.
[growl]
-He's all yours.
Go get him.
-Oh no you don't!
This time, I won't
go easy on you.
-I could say the same.
-Sakura, what are you--
[gasp]
-Aw, how did you guess?
-'Cause you stink, that's how.
-Mm?
SAKURA: Little girl's
wearing heavy perfume.
That's so tacky.
-What?
-Go on ahead.
I'll take care of her.
-"Little girl," huh?
Yaa!
[grunt]
I'll have you know I'm 22!
-That old?
-Father!
-Hikaru!
-Stop them!
-The throne room's this way.
Hurry!
[grunt]
[gasp]
-Sir!
-Why, you--
[laughter]
-Hikaru.
-An elaborate little plan,
but doomed from the start.
Now die!
[roar]
-Huh?
-What?
-Chamu!
-Fools.
[grunt]
-Nya!
Yaa!
-Little punk.
-Waa!
[clang]
[grunt]
[yell]
That oughta do it.
[yelling]
-Must have overused
my Sharingan.
But this is no time
for complaining.
-Yaa!
Ha!
Ya!
-Wow!
Yaa!
[groan]
-Poison gas again?
-Yup!
[laughter]
-Stupid brat!
-Father!
-Hikaru.
-Father.
Father!
Aah!
[growl]
-Now then.
-Huh?
[yelling]
-You again.
-To get him, you go through me.
-With pleasure.
[yelling]
-Take that!
[grunting]
(IN UNISON) Aah!
Waa!
-Haa!
[pounding]
Aah!
[grunt]
-Naruto, no!
[cackling]
[grunt]
-Aah!
[cackling]
[grunt]
-Yaa!
[groan]
Yaa!
[grunt]
-Hmph.
Now where was I?
-That oughta do it.
Don't you think, punk?
[chuckling]
[gasp]
[grunting]
-No way.
-It's impossible.
How?
[grunting]
-I made a--
-I made a promise--
- --to a friend!
-I promised to protect
him, no matter what!
[groan]
[snap]
-Wha?
Oh!
Go on!
Fall!
-Father?
Father!
-Hikaru.
Goodbye, my son.
-Hikaru!
-Huh?
-It's never too late!
Trust me, you can do it!
-Mm.
Chamu, hurry!
I can't do it without you.
Will you take me to my father?
[roar]
MICHIRU: Hikaru?
-Father.
[scream]
-Aah!
[panting]
-Too bad you forgot
to watch your step.
[gasp]
-Father?
Father!
No!
Wake up!
[choking noises]
Oh.
[gasp]
[coughing]
-I thought-- I
thought I was dead.
-Father!
[sobbing]
-Thank you, Hikaru.
[chittering]
-Chamu!
Kiki, is he-- Chamu.
Hah.
Ah!
We did it, Chamu.
Thank you.
[chuckling]
[panting]
-A, a, a ghost!
[growl]
-Shabadaba!
[gasp]
[scream]
Get back here--
-Oh no, oh no!
- --you traitor!
-So he was the one
pulling the strings, huh?
[scream]
[yelling]
-Naruto!
Are you all right?
-Hee hee hee hee hee hee!
Well done, Ishidate!
Now, finish the job.
-Rasengan!
HIKARU: Oh!
Your leg!
-You know what to do.
That's right.
Michiru-- destroy Michiru.
-Naruto, no!
[grunting]
-No!
Forget that brat!
Michiru!
Wait!
What are you doing?
Are you listening to me?
Forget the boy.
Why, you-- Ishidate!
Are you forgetting
what you owe me?
You were nothing but
a wandering renegade,
exiled from your homeland.
An outcast!
Who took you in?
Who paid you?
Ishidate!
Stop, you ungrateful dolt!
Listen to me!
[yelling]
-Father!
-What are you--
-Ishidate, you little baby!
-Will you shut up?
-Aah!
-Yaa!
[yelling]
[groan]
-Father!
[groaning]
-It hurts!
-Father!
-Now to finish this game.
-You can do it!
-He's coming!
HIKARU: Don't give up!
[roar]
[grunt]
[chittering]
-Aah!
-Chamu, Kiki.
Father, you can do this!
Naruto, Kiki,
Chamu-- look at them.
They've been risking their
lives for us all along.
For us and for
this land of ours.
We can't give up after
all they've done.
We owe it to them
to stand and fight!
[yelling]
[groaning]
-I did it, Guy-sensei.
In spite of my difficulties,
I kept my promise.
-Sensei, are you OK?
-Sure.
Nothing a couple weeks of
intensive care won't cure.
-Yeah!
All right!
That means we've got a couple
weeks of vacation duty!
-Huh?
[chuckling]
-I can't thank you
enough, Naruto.
Now I can see what a fool I was.
Not only did I not
understand, I didn't even
try to understand the
great things my father was
trying to do.
It's all about knowing
what really matters.
I think I finally see what
it means to be a king.
Of course, that's no
guarantee that I'll ever
be any good at it,
but I'll give it
all I've got-- just
like my father did.
-Don't worry, I got a feeling
you're gonna do just fine.
-Heh, you think so?
-Mm-hmm.
-And you'll let me help, right?
-Of course!
Counting on you.
-Mm.
[laughter]
I won't forget what
happened here today.
-Huh?
-I'll never ever forget the
sacrifices everybody made
and the way we all
joined forces to defend
what's truly precious.
But most of all, I won't
forget the friends I've made.
-Never forget.
HIKARU: Never forget the
things that really matter.
[music - maria, "tsubomi"]
[sigh]
MICHIRU: You know, once things
get back to normal here,
I think I'll try visiting
your mother again.
-Huh?
-After all, Hikaru, isn't that
the lesson we've both learned?
Fighting for what really
matters and never giving up.
[chuckling]